What is up guys and will come back.
So now you can see that we're totally done with everything we have every page coming up.
We have set it up some most important pages you can see that we have our categories coming here as well.
So in this video we're going to be working up this home page you can see these are the posts that are
coming here.
I want to design this home page I want to make it look my LOOK LIKE HOW I WANT I WANT A slider of those
like here in the above section and then here I want three sections like this.
OK.
And then I won the whole post to come right here.
So you'll be designing this.
And now let's get started.
First of all what you have to do is just click here and it's layout and you can see that it will take
us to a new page in here.
We can edit this whole home page.
OK.
So we have the featured post slider right here.
It's going to show.
This is basically created by default.
OK.
What I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to just hit delete because I
don't want anything right now so let's just do everything from scratch.
And if we just go ahead and update it and then we go to view our page
and see if this is how our page is looking.
So we're going to design this page ourself right now.
Let's go ahead and let's add a column right here.
I'm going to hit this and I need a full column right here.
And then here we have the insert module.
So you guys already know about what is a module of Debbie.
OK I'm going to click here and then I'm going to go to
featured both sliders.
Let's add a slider first.
OK.
And this slider is going to show the categories of all the blogging tips and the people who reviews
only three categories.
We are focusing on we're not focusing on so many categories so you can see that we have also posted
on these categories.
OK and post limit is going to be three so it's going to show only top three balls that we have right
now.
OK.
And then we have the MXs titled correctors is going to be 50.
We have the sword Metford So it's going to be we can show the most recent we can show the most popular
and show the highest rated.
We have the rating options in our blog post as well.
Let me go to this right here.
OK.
And then what is the most popular most popular you can be like that has the most Common's the top rated
means that has the most rated 5 star reviews on the post.
So this is how you can categorize them.
OK.
So I'm going to show the most recent so that I get views on the most recent on top trending posts that
I want to show.
OK.
Like top trending.
So I want to show a slide or here basically.
OK.
And then here in the elements I'm going to design everything I want to turn it on.
So I wanted to show the author's name and make sure the category name.
I want to show the common name that how many how many how much Commines has been posted on that post.
And then I have the reading I have the date and this is the date format and then let's go ahead and
let it save and exit and I'm going to hit this a date right now and let's go to this guy right here.
Let's click this logo and he and you you're going to see this is how it's looking.
It is showing five recent post right here.
OK.
I'm going to click here.
It's going to take me to the next one OK and then I click here.
It's going to take me to this one.
If I click here you can see three are coming OK so I think we have chosen three right here.
If I click here let me click here.
OK.
Yes.
We have chosen three posts to show.
So you can see three balls start coming if you six six posts are going to appear here.
And then I need to design this home page.
I need to show some boxes right here.
So what I'm going to do right now I am going to just add new roll.
OK let's have a new rule.
OK.
And in the row I want to add three columns so I can add a big column right here and this one to be a
call them.
See I'm like this I can manage it like this so I basically need three columns.
OK.
And in the three columns I want to show three Dabbs for different categories so we are basically focusing
on this category this category and this category.
So let's open this category in all this data let me show you how these categories are appearing right
now.
If I just open up there you can see that we have three post here.
If I open up this blogging tips we have this post here.
And then in the category we have this post right here so I'm going to show all these three categories
right here below section in the below section.
So it totally depends.
If you are focusing on so many categories you can show so many categories in these tabbed boxes in the
below section as well and if you want to show most three that you want to show in the on the home page
you can also show it like this.
It totally depends upon you guys.
OK.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go to Ray here and then in the module I'm going
to first insert
the post.
OK.
So here in the post we can show that.
So I'm going to click here post ok and then here I want to select the categories so my category is going
to be
all know I don't want to show all let's just click here let's just click here and let's delete this
OK let's delete it.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to delete it because I don't want to I don't want to show the post.
I'm going to show a different one and that is yes.
I want to show the post right now so I'm going to hit post right now.
OK.
And then here the category that I'm going to be choosing would be first apple and then the blogging
tips and then the people.
So I'm going to select at play here you can see that we have the post limit how many posts it's going
to show in that box.
So in that box it can show all the maximum Tripos we have.
We want to show.
OK.
And it's going to display the most popular or the highest rated.
So I think I would want to show the most popular that has the most comments on it.
OK.
So I'm good.
I'm down and we have the show feature we made sure all three show categories and show Commines show
rating should it and everything.
So if you want to see that how your page is going to look it can just click this guy right here that
is the I not the big boss but the I.
So you can see this is how it's going to look.
So we have Apple and it's going to show the popular post that we have right here.
So you can see this has just one common.
That is why it is right here and this has zero comments so it is not.
So it is a nerd at below it.
So this is how it's going to work.
OK I'm going to go I'm here.
I'm going to go to save and exit.
And we're only showing three.
So since we have only two categories and that that is why we cannot show more.
So if we add one more post according in that category associated with that then we can show that.
I'm going to insert the old and same like this.
I'm going to select post right here and then here I want to select the blogging tips so blogging tips
is also going to show the most popular on top so that that has the most comments on derating can be
like if you want to show the highest rated you can so like them and you can also see that how many how
much posts you want to show on that.
I'm going to show just only three right here seem like this.
I want to go here I want to go to the polls right here and then I want to select people reviews from
here.
And here it's going to show the tree post and this is going to show the highest rated because the people
reviews must be on the highest rated not the Commons space so this is a category assigned to that.
OK I'm going to hit save and exit and let's have a look at our page right now how this page is looking
so you can see this is our home page category lay out OK.
I'm going to go to view say E-Trade now
and let's have a look at a Web site so you can see that we have a list a slider that is showing the
three most popular posts right here.
And then we have the Apple category that is showing the most popular.
And then we have the blogging tips.
OK.
That is showing the most popular with the featured image Isabel.
And then we have this.
People are reviews that is doing the top rated.
So you can see that the free ones are coming here.
OK so if I just come here and I just edit my read and I just make it full five star Ok I just go down.
I just come here and I just make it full Five-Star.
OK.
Then you can see that my reading has been added and this is going to be on the top of the page.
That is why this is how it's work.
OK you can see that we have this full five star and this is now open five stars.
This is now coming on top.
If I just come here right here again when I make it full five star then that will be coming on the top.
So this is outwits OK.
I'm going to go to extra right now again and again see this is how our blog post is looking and then
below here I want to show all the post that we have been debating nation because someone wants to read
the post from there.
So I'm just going to go to edits lay out.
OK let's just close all these tabs.
OK.
And then here I want to add this so I'm going to show you both the methods both of the types of the
how to show the blogs.
I'm going to click here and you can see that we have insert module.
I'm going to click here and then we have to have blog feed standard and then we have log feed machinary.
So I'm going to show you both of them.
I'm going to select first machinary I basically like the blog feed standard.
I don't know why.
OK.
And then I'm going to show all the categories here.
I'm going to go down and we have the post for Burpy to the post per page is going to be a posts per
page not more than that.
OK if you want to show through three or three posts then the presentation is going to Pearsons we have
so many pages post.
OK.
And then we go down we have the short excerpt.
Obviously you want to like this you don't want to show the full content because your block size will
be so increase and it will not be user friendly.
OK.
We go down we go down we have the show page nation because this is important.
I'm going to hit save and exit and I'm going to hit a daytrader now and let's have a look at our website
right now.
So I'm going to go to View site and let's open this up in a new up.
So here we go.
We have the slider.
We have this and then we have the machinary that is coming in the issuing Tripos with the Beiji nation.
OK.
So if we just come here we just change it to be like for we want to show the four Because so that it
should cover the whole page.
I'm going to hit this.
I mean had save and exit and then I'm going to get update right now.
And let's have a look at this.
You can see it's full a fully just covered and everything will be totally up and running.
OK.
Now I want to show you how normally out right.
That is my favorite.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit remove module.
I'm going to hit insert module right here and I'm going to select a blog feed's tendered.
And this is going to be selected.
I'm going to select all the categories that the post-war baby is going to be 6 right now.
Yes.
Or we can choose it to be five.
Go down and then we have the page nation we have the author and everything everything is selected to
yes.
OK.
And then we have the blog feed tiles so we can assign it to tile.
All post.
OK.
And then we go there and we save and exit.
Let's just go ahead and let it update.
So let's give here and let's have a look at this.
OK.
So you can see that here will be all post-Iowa as well.
Let's come here let's refresh this.
And here we go.
You can see how these all posts are coming with a super amazingly out for blog post.
You can see I feel like there's an agency on hoovering effect.
This is also giving like this so it is super awesome and if I want to play the video I can also play
it right here and there.
So it is amazing if you just want to make it your home page.
But now these things you can also just come here you can hit and it's layout and then you can recreate
it.
OK so now you can see that we're totally done this in the next video.
I'm going to show you that how can you edit your category page if I just go to apple right here.
And then you can see this is my category.
I want to edit this.
I want to show a slider a here or I can show it like this.
I can change it.
How it's going to look and everything so I'll be doing that in the next video.
You're going to love this team a lot.
So stadium guys and Babai.